doc: Add a supported OS section to the Getting Started (#8137)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_recommended_versions.rst

   Before you start setting up the toolchain, install available updates for your operating system.

.. _gs_supported_OS:

Supported Operating Systems
***************************

> The following table shows the operating systems and their various versions that supports the |NCS| tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the operating systems and their various versions that provide support for the |NCS| tools:
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Operating System

>      - x86

Reviewer 2: I don't think we support x86 Windows?

Author: I added this information from here - https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=WYLND&title=TSP+-+requirements - @kotlarek-nordic - Could you please confirm this.

If this is not the case, I think the confluence page will need an update.

Reviewer 3: @divipillai those, you mentioned, are requirements, which are not yet fully covered by our teams. In my opinion we should discuss that with our TPM before releasing it to the public.

     - x64
     - ARM64
   * - `Windows 11`_
     - Tier 2
     - Tier 2
     - Not supported
   * - `Windows 10`_
     - Tier 2
     - Tier 1
     - Not supported
   * - `Linux - Ubuntu 22.04 LTS`_
     - Not supported
     - Not supported
     - Not supported
   * - `Linux - Ubuntu 20.04 LTS`_
     - Not supported
     - Tier 1
     - Not supported
   * - `macOS 12`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 2
     - Tier 2
   * - `macOS 11`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 1
     - Not supported
   * - `macOS 10.15`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 3
     - Not supported

> The table uses following three tiers to categorize the level of assistance each operating system provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table uses following tiers to categorize the level of operating system support:
```
"assistance provided by operating system" sounds weird to me.

> The table uses following three tiers to categorize the level of assistance each operating system provides:

Reviewer: Do we also need entries for "not supported" and "not applicable", just for housekeeping purposes and to avoid any confusion or unneeded expectations?

Author: Added.

Tier 1

>   Tier 1 targets can be described as guaranteed to work.

Reviewer: Are we talking about "build targets" here?
What are actually "Tier 1 build targets"?

Author: I understand that it is not about the building targets. Different tier levels refer to how thoroughly the tools are built, tested, and maintained.

  The project builds official binary releases for each Tier 1 target.
  The automated testing ensures that each Tier 1 target builds and successfully completes tests after each change.

Tier 2
  Tier 2 targets can be described as guaranteed to build.
  The project builds official binary releases for each Tier 2 target.
  The automated builds ensure that each Tier 2 target is built after each change.
  Automated tests do not always run, so there is no guarantee that a build will work.

Tier 3

>   Tier 3 targets are those that the application or targets support but are not built or tested automatically by the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Tier 3 targets are supported by the application or build targets, but are not built or tested automatically by the project.
```

  Therefore, the application may or may not work.

> 

Author: Should we include a link [this](https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/rustc/platform-support.html) page because we have taken some ideas and text from it for the tier support?

   Before you start setting up the toolchain, install available updates for your operating system.

.. _gs_supported_OS:

Supported operating systems
***************************

The following table shows the operating systems and their various versions that provide support for the |NCS| tools:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Operating System
     - x86
     - x64
     - ARM64
   * - `Windows 11`_

>      - Tier 3

Reviewer 3: We need to verify with TPM, if this is correct. It differs from the requirements.

>      - Tier 3

Reviewer 3: The same as above.

     - Not supported
   * - `Windows 10`_
     - Tier 1
     - Tier 2
     - Not supported
   * - `Linux - Ubuntu 22.04 LTS`_
     - Not supported
     - Not supported
     - Not supported
   * - `Linux - Ubuntu 20.04 LTS`_
     - Not supported
     - Tier 1
     - Not supported
   * - `macOS 12`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 2
     - Tier 2
   * - `macOS 11`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 1
     - Not supported
   * - `macOS 10.15`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 3
     - Not supported

> The table uses following tiers to categorize the level of operating system support:

Reviewer 3: "tier definitions" instead of "tiers" (just suggestion)?

Tier 1
  The |NCS| tools will always work.
  The automated build and automated testing ensure that the application builds and successfully completes tests after each change.

Tier 2
  The |NCS| tools will always build.
  The automated build ensures that the application builds successfully after each change.
  There is no guarantee that a build will work because the automation tests do not always run.

Tier 3
  The |NCS| tools are supported by the application or build targets but are not built or tested by the project.
  Therefore, the application may or may not work.

Not supported

>   The |NCS| tools does not work. But it can be supported in the future.

Reviewer 3: "do not work" instead of "does not work".

   Before you start setting up the toolchain, install available updates for your operating system.

.. _gs_supported_OS:

Supported operating systems
***************************

> The following table shows the operating systems and their various versions that provide support for the |NCS| tools:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following table shows the operating systems versions that support the |NCS| tools:
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Operating System
     - x86
     - x64
     - ARM64
   * - `Windows 11`_
     - Tier 3
     - Tier 3
     - Not supported
   * - `Windows 10`_
     - Tier 1
     - Tier 2
     - Not supported
   * - `Linux - Ubuntu 22.04 LTS`_
     - Not supported
     - Not supported
     - Not supported
   * - `Linux - Ubuntu 20.04 LTS`_
     - Not supported
     - Tier 1
     - Not supported
   * - `macOS 12`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 2
     - Tier 2
   * - `macOS 11`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 1
     - Not supported
   * - `macOS 10.15`_
     - Not applicable
     - Tier 3
     - Not supported

> The table uses following tier definitions to categorize the level of operating system support:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The table uses the following tier definitions to categorize the level of operating system support:
```

Tier 1
  The |NCS| tools will always work.
  The automated build and automated testing ensure that the application builds and successfully completes tests after each change.

Tier 2
  The |NCS| tools will always build.
  The automated build ensures that the application builds successfully after each change.
  There is no guarantee that a build will work because the automation tests do not always run.

Tier 3

>   The |NCS| tools are supported by the application or build targets but are not built or tested by the project.

Reviewer 3: Definition proposed by TPM: "The nRF Connect SDK tools are supported by design but are not built or tested by Nordic. Therefore, the application may or may not work.".

Author: I have rephrased the sentence. I have also rephrased the definition of Tier 1 and Tier 2 to align with the Tier 3 definition.

  Therefore, the application may or may not work.

Not supported

>   The |NCS| tools do not work.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  The |NCS| tools do not work, but it may be supported in the future.
```
It felt a little weird to separate the sentences, so I think you can combine them like this.

>   But it can be supported in the future.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```
